Alternative to enable captcha after installing pfg (#1119)
plone/documentation: working-with-content/managing-content/ploneformgen/captcha.rst

If you are using collective.recaptcha, you need to take the additional step of setting your public/private keypair. You get these by setting up an account at recaptcha.net. The account is free. You may specify your keypair in the PFG configlet in your site settings.

> If you add a captcha facility *after* installing PFG, to enable captcha support, you will need to add `FormCaptchaField` as an allowed content type to `FormFolder` in `portal_types` or reinstall PFG (via add/remove products).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you add a CAPTCHA facility *after* installing PFG, to enable CAPTCHA support you will need to add ``FormCaptchaField`` as an allowed content type to ``FormFolder`` in ``portal_types`` or reinstall PFG via :menuselection:`Site Setup > Add-ons`.
```

Reviewer: I would also suggest similar changes to the original from which this text was copied.

Author: @stevepiercy The reference was already merged since it's a txt. I commited your suggestions.
